Update docs for Function Mesh v0.1.7 release (#95)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/connectors/run-connector.md

Use the `pulsar-admin` CLI tool to upload the NAR or uber JAR package to the [Pulsar package management service](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/next/admin-api-packages/).

> **Note**
> 

> > To upload the package to the Pulsar package management service, you need to enable package management service in the `broker.config` file in advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before uploading the package to the Pulsar package management service, you need to enable the package management service in the `broker.config` file.
```
